Jottings

Money Management
That’s right, you don’t need $1 million to achieve $1 million. You only need to build profits that total $100,000 based on trading a set
number of stocks or a single unit, contract, or option. What this means is that a person who trades a single contract, option, or set
number of shares of stock and makes $100,000 at the end of five years, instead could make $1 million by implementing proper money
management or increasing the risk on each trade. We can break this down into a five-year achievement goal:
1. $100,000 in profits during the next five years.
2. $20,000 profits per year for the next five years.
3. $1,667 profits per month for the next 60 months.
4. $384 profits per week for the next 260 weeks
5. $75 per day on average for the next 1,320 trading days.

--*--
Money management, as defined here, is limited to how much of your account equity will be at
risk on the next trade. It looks at the whole of the account, applies proper mathematical
formulas, and lets you know how much of the account you should risk on the next trade.

--*--


Money management can then be broken down into two different categories: proper and improper
money management. Proper money management takes into account both risk and reward factors. 
Improper money management considers one or the other, risk or reward. Proper money management
takes into consideration the value of the entire account. Improper money management only looks 
at certain account properties or characteristics such as winning percentages or win/loss 
ratios. Proper money management discounts all factors that cannot be mathematically proven. 
Improper money management suggests that you can consider factors which cannot be mathematically
proven. Proper money management says that if A and B then C. Improper money management says
that if A and B then C . . . sometimes. Proper money management never dictates where to get 
in or where to get out of markets. This is better defined as “trade” or “risk” management and
should not be confused with proper money management methods.

--*--

20,000 per day to achieve 1 cr in a year